Hello, ChatGPT. Hello, DeepSeek. Hello, Claude. Hello, Quinn. This is Momen speaking. I am currently using ChatGPT's voice input because it is quite good. I'm used to it. And I was working on both of my projects, EduMo and MoAI. But I need to get things organized and clear. I don't want the project to get too easy or too hard. Not too simple or complex. So let's see. Currently, DeepSeek told me about the journey of MoAI. The beginning, which is... Sorry. The beginning says that the problem was FUE students, and preferably most of computer science students in Egyptian universities, struggle with doctors. They are boring, they don't concentrate, and students learn better than students, and traditional LMS portals are terrible. And students want interactive learning, not just PDFs and revisions on exam nights because 90% of students procrastinate so hard that they study 18 hours before the final exam to discover the first lecture. So it is a big problem. So that's when I, Momen, an 18-year-old CS freshman at FUE, I have built a Telegram community called CS Epic Save. It suddenly had too many students joining because they loved the simple yet helpful explanation. Because I don't waste too much time in the lectures, and I give actual good examples, and students can concentrate with me. It's a connection from a student to another. They can follow the video, and they like especially the revisions, the final revisions. They don't study for the small lectures or the quizzes. They study for the midterms and the finals. That is why they... For me, in Telegram, I started first with physics and calculus in the first semester. And suddenly I had 160 members in less than three days. For reference, my entire faculty of CS in FUE is 400 students. And now I have all half of them and more. Currently I have 245 students. So that's good. Momen didn't want just to make videos and final revisions because even with that, most of students keep procrastinating. They are not concentrated enough. They need to actually understand and simulate and solve and have a wisdom on all the subjects. Because in the first semester, we study physics and calculus and discrete mathematics and computing fundamentals. And in the second semester, we take logic design and structure programming, differential equations, and probability and statistics. So these are the major subjects. There are more elective subjects like human rights in the first semester and communication skills and report writing in the second semester. And both of these have two hour credits. But the major subjects, they have three hour credits. So Momen will do the eight major subjects for the first year till now. We also do have English KET and PET, but they also have two credit hours. They are not that important. And there are extra courses like Microsoft Specialist Office Level 1 and Level 2, and English Level 4 and 5 and 3 and 2 and 1. But let's stay away from the extra subject stuff and the elective. Momen will only do the eight major subjects. So yeah, Momen himself is not good at computing fundamentals and structure programming. He was good in physics and calculus and differential equations and logic design. In discrete math, he was bad because after the propositions and Boolean and truth tables and etc., he was struggling with things like cipher and decryption and mapping and these things. So yeah. And some parts in C++ and probability and statistics. Everything after loops and nested loops, he struggled with it. And actually Momen doesn't have the best grades. He is just a good teacher. He cares about students and he wants to make everything easy. But Momen does not actually study for himself too much. His current CGPA is 2.9. It actually would be 3.2 if things were fair. But yeah, some teaching assistants made things hard for him. Nothing related to hate or anything like that, but most of TAs actually were unfair to some students and Momen was one of them. But anyway, this is just for context. This doesn't matter for the project that we are going to build. So Momen has worked on MoAI and EduMo. The original EduMo has HTML and CSS and JS, the three basic traditional languages for websites. And Momen is worried. Why? Because there are new things like Vanilla JS and React and TypeScript and these stuff. But anyway, currently on edumo.vercel.app, there exists his current website. It has Glass UI like iOS style and four floating windows. ODE, C++, Probability and Statistics, Logic Design. And he has five color-fixed themes. Ruby, Lava, Space, Oxford, Light. And he has simulators, C++ compiler and a logic gate, and calculus and ODE, and Probability and Statistics. And he made a quiz system, five topics, five questions each. And he has made flashcards which work by local storage. And he integrated a link to his Telegram community. This kind of worked out. Students were hyped and loved the design and the overall website look. But it wasn't that functional. Many things were promised more than that. See, the website has lots of flaws. Beginning with the vibe-coded look. It looks super obvious as for being a vibe-coded website. Momen himself does not care too much about that, not compared to the next things. The courses have things like learning journey paths. It doesn't work, it's just mockery. And he has four placeholders or like iframe which he can add the YouTube videos and Telegram from the admin page. But the worst part is for the simulators. The C++ compiler, he integrated one compiler, and it doesn't... It doesn't actually work well when too many codes are typed. It's not a real compiler. It's not as good as Program is. I mean, it looks beautiful, yeah, and it accepts more languages than C++, but some students said it gives errors. That's not the biggest deal. The thing is, the logic design simulator is not LogiSim. LogiSim is a tool we all used in our university. All professors and all TAs used it. And looks like Moment cannot write code it. He kept telling DeepSeek and Claude to put LogiSim, or just embed it. But both of them use the Canvas built-in logic design simulator. It looks ugly, it doesn't make sense, and it barely works. And for the calculus and ODE solver, there is no solver that solves indefinite integrals. And the ODE solver is not real. It just shows you the rules. The simplify somehow works. The Taylor series don't make sense. We don't need it. We don't need it in the whole calculus and ODE solver. For the limit, it also doesn't work. And for the plotting, it kind of works sometimes, so I don't mind that. For the probability distribution visualizer, we don't want any distribution visualizers at all. We need a real solver. We don't have uniform statistics. We have only exponential, Poisson, binomial, normal, geometric. And everything I will put in the curriculum files, so all AIs can understand it. I genuinely hope that most of the AIs I will send this script to can understand the project real well, like DeepSeek and GPT and Claude and Quinn. I worked 60% of this project with DeepSeek and 30% with Claude, and 7% with Quinn, and the rest with ChatGPT. See, here's what I like about each one. DeepSeek has extremely efficient context windows. I can talk to it, give it 20 chats, and it will still respond. It has great retention. It remembers everything so well. Even if I leave a chat a month, and I come back later, it doesn't forget, but it takes like 10 seconds to load the chat again. Compared to Gemini, Gemini forgets after I talk to it too much. It even says the name wrong, so we will not use Gemini in this project. For Claude, Claude is super good for heavy coding and engineer things. Claude follows instructions the best. But the problem is, it's super expensive, and I talked to it like 3 or 4 times using even Haiku or Sonnet 4.6, medium or low. It stops. It stops after 3 or 4 inputs. So it's not that good, but before April of 2026, Claude was a bit good. It talked when I gave it like 8 inputs. And I actually began the journey of Edumo with Claude. But here's the thing. The amount of usage I mentioned with the AIs was the one for Edumo, because Quinn has worked 80% of the project with MoAI. I will mention MoAI later. But allow me to continue. ChatGPT here has the best planning. It is a bit more generous than Claude's, but it does not accept so much files, and it can't output long files. While DeepSeek and Quinn are super efficient, and they accept large medias and long documents, and can produce long documents. Claude has great features. The UI is amazing, and it has connectors, and it can edit the files. It does not have to make things from scratch again. I'm not sure if Quinn also has these features, but I tried the artifacts mode, I didn't like it. I mean, Quinn is good, but it types so slowly. And I like the new DeepSeek V4 instant mode. It's super fast, it's super efficient, but DeepSeek sometimes disappoints me with some outputs. I keep telling it, bro, why did you make this? You ruined everything. And I hope that DeepSeek understands this. When it makes some files, it sometimes makes super, super, super long files all in one. It tried to make all of Edumo in one index.html file. I mean, 20% of the time it gets most of the things correctly. But there's a problem. You should not even, as a large language model, do that much work in one output. Because where is the efficiency? I mean, you are ruining lots of things, you can't get everything right. And even another problem is when we tried to split the system to multiple structure files, it made a mess again. So I don't know. The best thing that I sticked with and the current structure of Edumo on Vercel is about four files. The main index page, the style.css, the app.js, and the admin page. Four files are kind of balanced for me. But I believe if we will use new languages like React, TypeScript, Vite, and this stuff, we will, you know, make it like 12 files. I expect that, but I don't know. You guys can argue about this. You know better than me. But, like, we all need to communicate because I actually don't know what I'm doing. I'm not that good in programming as you think. If you want me to make directories on my Linux X1 laptop, I don't mind. I'm currently working on my RX 580 Windows 10 PC with an i5-9400F. And, well. Okay, so let's continue the phases of the project. So students did love the hype and some things in Edumo. But let's talk about MoAI. MoAI is basically supposed to be the all-in-one AI with most features for FUE, that basically has lived four years in FUE, knows all curriculum, knows all internal information. If you ask it, when is the next lecture? And it knows who you are as long as you signed up with it and gave your FUE ID, which is like 2025, four Xs. It has real-time information. I might need to make APIs for it to connect it to our main WhatsApp group chat, which has like 400 people, and follow the Moodle announcements and FUE.edu.eg and moodle.fue.fue.eg. And I might have to make an API for it to track WhatsApp and Telegram. So it has real-time information. And I have the summaries, RAG file, and I will make a RAG system for it so it sees and understands all our curriculum for the first and second semester, and knows all internal information, knows the schedules, the halls, what the university looks like, and can guide students at FOE, generally. And it would, and it should have huge context like DeepSeek, and most of features like Gemini. And reasoning and internal prompts of Gemini, and conciseness of Claude. Sorry, sorry, sorry, I meant like the creativity and instruction following of Claude. And talking style of ChatGPT. Basically, the best AI with most necessary features for students. It should be vision, because if I would have a text-only model, it would suck, you know. I might make two variants of MoAI. I already worked on one, which is text-only on Telegram. It uses GRoQ, not Grok that Elon Musk made. I mean Grok with a Q. It is a generous free API provider. Their interference is super fast, so that's why I'm using it. And I have connected it to my Telegram bot. It did work, it followed the internal system prompts, but the RAG does not actually inject. It does not actually use the embedding server. For more context on what I have built with Quinn and DeepSeek and Claude and etc., I have provided all necessary files and everything that I have built. Currently, on my laptop, I have MoAI directory and MoAI V2 and MoAI platform. I did not make an EduMo directory on my Linux ThinkPad yet, but on my main computer, I have made the stack of Vercel and Supabase and my current website. See, let's talk more because if I'm gonna end here, most AIs would not still understand the full scope of both projects. Let's talk more. On MoAI, currently there are four agents. Aria, which is the primary, Nova, which is the secondary, Sentinel, which knows the intel informations, and Jarvis, which is the leader. The thing is, I wanted to make four AIs that talk to each other, communicate, develop, argue, in my Telegram group chat for them, which would be five members, the four AI agents and me. I believe each one should have its own API key, and they would discuss things together to make the whole system better and develop themselves. And I even wanted to give each one their own machines so they execute their own commands and do their own decisions, and they talk to me too. And Jarvis can report to me, Aria can notify me about some stuff, Nova can also tell me, Sentinel can ask me things, you know. I wanted to make a real digital human that help the university and help my students and make everything easier and better and good. Faster, better, stronger. So I have the RAG file which is 3,150 pages of the curriculum embedded with PGVector, but the thing is, I had a huge long session with DeepSeek which converted every single lecture including like, you know, all semester subjects, the eight major subjects in text files. So I made the summaries RAG file, which is a text file, and DeepSeek actually has great inputs of the file. It teaches in an interesting way with lots of full-cap sentences and emojis and like things that can grab attention, you know. But there are more problems. EduMo and MoAI were two separate words. The website did not talk to the AI. So the reset, I realized EduMo is becoming a platform, not a website. The vision grew. Most students were telling me, hey, moment, so the AI knows everything about university and it can even join our WhatsApp group chat and help us, and it can follow everything about the university and everyone can talk to it, completely free, no limits. And you promise us that EduMo will have every single thing including a leaderboard and competitive games and daily quizzes with finals and midterms and quiz one, quiz two, and mockery exams and variants, and beautiful UI, and well-organized courses and revisions. We want you to make parts of lectures because we have brain rot as Gen Z. We don't focus on lectures that are more than 30 minutes. Are you gonna split for us the lectures and the versions for 10 minutes each part? And etc. Are you gonna make the media players in your website with no ads and embed YouTube and Telegram videos? Are you gonna make for us flashcards like Anki? Are you gonna make an about page about yourselves and put more cool stuff and even make a media player, music player like Spotify but it has no ads and it's good, not annoying? Are you gonna put your stuff there? And are you gonna make a good admin panel which has full CRUD, complete control over everything about your whole website? You can change anything, manage your databases, manage your content, manage your UI and UX and everything? The thing is... Okay, it's me, moment, talking right now. So, I like how this whole startup is subtly becoming good and most of people believe in me. So, yeah, I want to make lots of changes. The vision grew. I wanna make the homepage have eight floating windows, live background, and RGB picker with the main colors of course, and put the eight courses with progress and video players, and make the seven whole simulators, not just four, but seven, including C++, logic, calculus, ODE, discrete mathematics, physics, probability and statistics. But I don't want anything that just is mockery. I don't want just basic generic visualizers and normal hype glazing-looking, cool beautiful things. I want real functional working industrial professional heavenly magical things. I want the simulators to have everything necessary a student needs to use and compute. For the logic, I need the full logic gates and Boolean and truth tables and solvers and etc. Everything that can be asked in the whole subject. And for the C++, just a compiler is enough. And for the calculus, the trigonometric and the exponential, logarithmic, integral, differential, derivatives, applications, everything. All types of integration. And especially the indefinite. I don't want a just definite. I want something that actually solves by hand, that shows the steps, not just a rules display, okay? And same thing for the ODE. Currently, the actual calculus and ODE is not the worst, but some things need real effort from the beginning. And especially the discrete mathematics. It must have a proposition solver and cipher, decryption, and lots, everything in the curriculum. And for the physics, everything necessary, all calculations, all solver. You know, things that would solve stuff like Lenz's law, electronic potential, capacitors, Ohm's law, and etc. Everything needed in the curriculum. I hope that the files I will provide is enough for all four AIs to understand everything. So, no, no, no, I'm not done. Let's continue. Mainly, I don't want anything to be bad as an output. So, we have a rebuild. Thing is, I discussed with most AIs to rebuild EduMo and Moe AI from scratch with professional architecture. We locked in the front end, in the choice of React plus Vite and TypeScript. It is complex for me, but not complex for all you four AIs. Because you are AI, you understand what you're doing. But I don't. I am a five coder. Just tell me what files do I make, what do I copy and paste, and I will do so. But you four must argue and discuss the plan again. Because I think there is better that we can do. For the styling, most of you agreed to use Tailwind and Shad CN UI. For the state, Zustand. For the data fetching, React Query. For the backend, Supabase authentication database storage, which we already use. For the hosting, we stay on Vercel. For the architecture, you agreed on feature sliced design. So, this is Mohammed speaking. DeepSeek has produced to me recently 43 files. I think this is too much. But I don't know. If this is a good plan, we stay on it. And DeepSeek really made toast notifications and error boundaries and skeleton loading states and protected routes, authentication, RGB, guided UI working homepage, and lots of code. Lots of code. He made phase zero, infrastructure done, ready to build features. But I think I am making a mistake here. So, what's next? DeepSeek told me on your ThinkPad, you have Moe AI running. But it does not embed the RAGPG vector. And you have no EduMo React app yet. It is telling me that I will need to use NPM and stuff to install NPM and these things. But I'm asking, why is that necessary? Why do I have to use my terminal for this? So, I am confused. I thought I would need to only use my terminal for, like, running Moe AI as a server. I, like, have three PM2 servers, right? I uploaded my whole conversation and my whole work with Gwen. So, I hope all four AIs understand. I have so many possibilities and so many thoughts on both of projects. But I believe we should really focus on EduMo more. Because I actually said, like, 40% of what I am thinking overall. I have too many thoughts. Too many. So, I hope all of you four AIs do your best and talk to me, you know, like, we can do way better than the current state. Because I don't have much time. I have only, like, two or three months till I am supposed to produce both of projects and put it into real world. So, I want ChatGPT to plan things very well, and DeepSeek will code most of things. But I hope it actually listens this time and make no mistakes. And I hope Claude can also assist because it has connectors to my current GitHub and Supabase and etc. So, I'm sure it will assist us a lot. And I hope that Gwen can also assist. Gwen has really did great work with Moe AI for now. But for EduMo, it didn't like the long files. And it was so slow in the artifact mode. So, yeah. Please, I will upload now this whole context and all major files to all four AIs. I hope that when I do so, I need all of you four to stay silent and talk when I ask you to. And all of you four will talk to each other a lot. And you will understand everything when I upload all files. So, yeah. Good luck. And this is a confirmation test. Respond to me with 11 if you are still reading and analyzed all the complete files still here. Thank you so much.